{\rtf1\ansi\uc0\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fmodern\fprq1\fcharset0;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green128\blue0;\red186\green33\blue33;\red0\green0\blue255;\red188\green122\blue0;\red25\green23\blue124;\red64\green128\blue128;\red176\green0\blue64;\red187\green187\blue187;\red0\green0\blue128;\red160\green160\blue0;\red170\green34\blue255;\red136\green136\blue136;\red136\green0\blue0;\red102\green102\blue102;\red187\green102\blue136;\red0\green68\blue221;\red210\green65\blue58;\red255\green0\blue0;\red160\green0\blue0;\red187\green102\blue34;\red0\green160\blue0;\red125\green144\blue41;\red128\green0\blue128;\red153\green153\blue153;}\f0 {\cf14 .}{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}FragmentBasics{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}app{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}src{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}main{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}java{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}com{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}example{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}android{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}fragments{\chbrdr\chcfpat18 \\}Ipsum{\cf14 .}{\cf22 java}\par
{\cf6\i /*\par
 * Copyright (C) 2012 The Android Open Source Project\par
 *\par
 * Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");\par
 * you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.\par
 * You may obtain a copy of the License at\par
 *\par
 *      http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0\par
 *\par
 * Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software\par
 * distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,\par
 * WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.\par
 * See the License for the specific language governing permissions and\par
 * limitations under the License.\par
 */}\par
{\cf1\b package} {\cf3\b com.example.android.fragments}{\cf14 ;}\par
\par
{\cf1\b public} {\cf1\b class} {\cf3\b Ipsum} {\cf14 \{}\par
\par
    {\cf1\b static} String{\cf14 [}{\cf14 ]} Headlines {\cf14 =} {\cf14 \{}\par
        {\cf2 "Article One"}{\cf14 ,}\par
        {\cf2 "Article Two"}\par
    {\cf14 \}}{\cf14 ;}\par
\par
    {\cf1\b static} String{\cf14 [}{\cf14 ]} Articles {\cf14 =} {\cf14 \{}\par
        {\cf2 "Article One\\n\\nExcepteur pour-over occaecat squid biodiesel umami gastropub, nulla laborum salvia dreamcatcher fanny pack. Ullamco culpa retro ea, trust fund excepteur eiusmod direct trade banksy nisi lo-fi cray messenger bag. Nesciunt esse carles selvage put a bird on it gluten-free, wes anderson ut trust fund twee occupy viral. Laboris small batch scenester pork belly, leggings ut farm-to-table aliquip yr nostrud iphone viral next level. Craft beer dreamcatcher pinterest truffaut ethnic, authentic brunch. Esse single-origin coffee banksy do next level tempor. Velit synth dreamcatcher, magna shoreditch in american apparel messenger bag narwhal PBR ennui farm-to-table."}{\cf14 ,}\par
        {\cf2 "Article Two\\n\\nVinyl williamsburg non velit, master cleanse four loko banh mi. Enim kogi keytar trust fund pop-up portland gentrify. Non ea typewriter dolore deserunt Austin. Ad magna ethical kogi mixtape next level. Aliqua pork belly thundercats, ut pop-up tattooed dreamcatcher kogi accusamus photo booth irony portland. Semiotics brunch ut locavore irure, enim etsy laborum stumptown carles gentrify post-ironic cray. Butcher 3 wolf moon blog synth, vegan carles odd future."}\par
    {\cf14 \}}{\cf14 ;}\par
{\cf14 \}}\par
}